# Human_Group_Story
Group story based on humans being in a game.

Prompt: Simultaneously across the world, everyone hears a voice in their head. "In 2 hours, the server will be shutting down for the final time. Thank you for playing Human."

  It was just a normal day doing normal, everyday things. My first task of the day was waking up at 6am and taking a shower, eating breakfast at 6:30am, and then hopping on the bus by 7am on my way to school. I lived a decent middle-class life that never changed much. It seemed that everything was stuck in the same rythmatic cycle everyday. I sometimes hoped something would happen that would shake up this dull cycle. I finally arrived at school after the same bus ride and walked in to see my friends that at least made my day somewhat interesting.
  As we made our way to class early on so we could hang around for a bit, a booming voice suddenly echoes through my skull, causing me to come to a screeching halt. "In 2 hours, the server will be shutting down for the final time. Thank you for playing Human." I sat still for a moment, trying to comprehend, when i suddenly realized that the hallways had gone quiet. Looking around, I saw that everyone was just shocked as I was. I turned towards my friends, an at the same time we all asked, "Did you just hear that??!" We all sat staring again, for a moment, before someone in the group spoke up. "So we all heard the same voice saying the server is about to be shutdown, right?" We all nodded, and someone else piped up, shouting, "I knew it was a simulation! I was right!!" That seemed to snap all the students in the hallway out of it, and they began to panic. From far away I heard some kid yell, "Oh god, what if this is some sort of SAO type scenario?? ARE WE GONNA DIE????"

  Through the commotion, I ran to the window to see the sky darken as the sun distances itself from world. Then chaos ensued in the school as teachers and students ramapaged to leave the school. My friends and I managed to squeak through the masses to get out of the school building. As we regrouped and tried to figure out what was happening a clock displayed to everyone's eyes stating that there was only an hour and 45 minutes left till the server crashes. One of my friends fell and balled up crying and screaming " I don't want to die, I don't want to DIE!" over and over again. We tried to get him up but he wouldn't budge, a friend then said " Well we can't just leave him her..." BOOM! The ground shook as we saw smoke abd flames coming from the city. ALL HELL broke loose. I got two of my friends to help me carry my friend agaisnt will. We ran our way home. Each step in rythm with our heart beats, Time was ticking and everything around us breaking down.    
 
As we ran through the streets we saw mobs of people rioting, shattering windows and fighting eachother. My friends and I tried to get around the group but they were everywhere and eventually we just had to sprint through them. We eventually got out of the city area but we lost track of most of the other students in the mob I could only account for my own close friends. Finally we arrived at my neighborhood, it was like a island of calm in this sea of pandemonium, it seemed like everyone was too afraid to go outside we could even see some families huddling together through there windows. My friends split off to go looking for their own families and I went to go to my house, the doors were locked but took the key from under the matt and oppened the door. "......." silence, absolute silence, I looked around for someone but couldnt find any trace of my parents, even my dog was gone, as if they just dissappeared into thin air. I had no idea where to go or where my parents went, so I grabbed my jacket and took a look at the clock, 30:00 minutes, time was running out, I heard the sound of rioters and looked out the window to see they were starting to enter my street so I went up into my attic to hide. AS soon as I pulled up the latter and shut the hatch and tried to hide, i saw IT, a shining light in the corner of the room, i slowly made my way over until i saw what looked to be an old borken down computer, with the screen illuminated displaying a clock counting down 20:00 minutes. 
